broom broom broom (#1882)
enkidevs/curriculum: javascript/core/strings/types-string.md

---
## Content

> The common ways to declare a string value in JavaScript is to use quotes. Using single or double works the same:

Author: ```suggestion
The primary way to declare a string value in JavaScript is to use quotes. Using single or double works the same:
```

## Revision

> Which one of the following is correct ?

Reviewer: Punctuation should be ... `correct?` not `correct ?`
